Luo Yingxue, what do you want to do?
I am now the head of the Luo family
Try moving me.
Just try it.
You hit me you dare to hit me
What happened when I hit you?
Compared to the damage you did to me before
What's wrong with hitting you twice?
You are reversed.
This is home
How dare you hit me here?
Luo family
I really thought I had Liang Yunsong's backing
Can you be lawless?
Of course I know this is Luo's house
I know better than anyone
But Mom, have you forgotten what the Luo family's last name is?
What are you talking about?
Of course the Luo family's surname is Luo
Do you also know that the Luo family's surname is Luo?
What's your last name?
What's his last name?
Sister, are you going down the alley?
My name is Luo Xunmei
Of course the surname is Luo
Are you just an adopted daughter picked up by the Luo family?
Do you keep the blood of the Luo family?
Why do you occupy the position of head of the Luo family?
The adopted daughter is also a daughter and a family member
Fallen Leaf Snow, you are a criminal
Should have stayed in prison
Instead of making trouble here